Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today it's... Say, who are you today, Red?
Freddy the Freeloader?
Clem Cadiddlehopper?
Willie Lump Lump?
No, Smokey, you'll have to settle for Red Skelton.
A guy that loves the outdoors and everything that goes with it.
The green grass, the trees.
the water running clear and the wild animals and the birds.
And every time I hear or read about a forest burning, I'm sure most people feel the same about this as I do.
The most important thing for all of us, for each and every one of us, to lend a helping hand in keeping forests clear from fires.
As I see it, well, it's kind of a personal responsibility that goes along with being an American, to be careful with fires outdoors, with our matches,
or smokes, with campfires, any fire.
It's a very serious business, Smokey.
Forest fires is no joking matter.
Thanks, Mr. Skelton.
Now Lloyd Perryman and the Sons of the Pioneers want a word with you.
Fred, have you ever been to a cowboy jubilee?
We think you'd like it.
Hey, just listen, and we'll show you what we mean.
Come on and throw away your troubles, cast them to the moon, and sell all your birdies for free.
Cause there's a great day coming, can't you hear them all humming?
It's a Cowboy Jubilee.
If you've got lots of leisure time and nothing else to do, and want to be happy as we, just grab your hat, get your boots on pretty soon, you'll be long gone to the Cowboy Jubilee.
Just hear that cowboy band a-playin.' You know your blues won't mean a thing when you get in the swing. A cowboy's life is for me. Soon all you care's you'll be sheddin' And like me you'll be headin' to that cowboy jubilee.
[Music.]
Just hear that cowboy band a-playing
See the couples out there swaying. You know your cruise won't mean a thing When you get in the swing. A cowboy's life is for me. Soon all you care is you'll be shedding And like me you'll be heading To the Cowboy Jubilee. Cowboy Jubilee. Thanks, fellas.
You know, I was just thinking
about what Red Skelton said.
Forest fires are no joking matter.
Believe me, that's right.
Forest fires are serious business.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to.
that make these get-togethers possible.
So until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear,
Prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey.
That was how he got his name.
Ooh.